what's up guys this is Danny ocean and I
just want to show you my new piece from
iron studios in Brazil and they did this
Iron Man from Iron Man 3 and I really
liked Iron Man 3 movie I don't know I is
a lot of flack about Iron Man 3 movie
but anyway let's get to this review so
this is the light up feature which i
think is really nice the base lights up
and he's just lights up obviously his
eyes light up the back of the foot here
lights up and this hand and also this
closed fist hand so the piece is really
nice it's just kind of a problem the
paint's not as good as sideshow so if
you expecting it to be like the Iron Man
from the second movie the paint's not
that good not at all but the paint kind
of holds up there's you know there's
there's a few places that that they made
a mistake like for instance I'll show
you like over here it's supposed to be
old grey and there's a little bit of a
red splotch there so I mean if you
expecting it close and you see that your
smile turns into a frown but yeah on the
back you know it's it's it's a pretty
decent piece pretty decent paint
not too much complaints from myself but
you know light up really makes it great
but what I would say if you have an
opportunity to buy one of these and that
a local retailer or I know a lot of
people are buying them from someone else
that has a connection in Brazil but just
ask them to open the box and take a
couple of pictures it is pretty
expensive I think it was going for like
500 US dollars
and then shipping from Brazil shipping
from Brazil to England is another two
hundred two hundred dollars that's what
I paid so it's not a cheap piece that's
for sure especially for a company that's
just starting out but all in all it's
you know the paint on mines not that bad
I wanted to do this review with the
curtains closed just to show you the
light up because that's the best feature
on this piece I'll show you the box
quickly I hope you can see this but this
is the front of the box and that's who
they are in studios and the box doesn't
fall says Stark Industries on the side
and at the back you have the prototype
and this is all written in Portuguese so
don't try to understand it and this you
have pushed his friend
it's probably just explaining the specs
of this Iron Man the light ups not bad
hey guys the light up is pretty cool and
also what you get you get a certificate
of authenticity which is also in
Portuguese and you get this which is
pretty cool you can display this at the
back of it you know maybe you know put
it in a best and display it at the back
that's pretty nice and you know it's got
its it's got like the shiny paper and
stuff I apologize if you guys can't see
properly but I just wanted to do it with
the light-up feature and then you get
stickers so if you have kids whoa they
get Iron Man stickers I don't know what
I'm gonna do with the stickers but
anyway and it comes in this iron Studios
which is pretty nice so you know out of
based on my copy out of 10 I'd give it a
seven point five the pose is great the
light up is great the paint lets it down
just a little bit and the packaging is
good and the box is pretty good so I
hope
oh and here is the light switch okay
let's not break the light switch and
yeah underneath the base it comes the
Iron Man comes with three three
batteries and you put them in underneath
the base and in there's a print sign
iron studios and is it's it's the
addition size is 750 and it's written
with a marker so I hope you guys enjoyed
this review and for the guys that are
waiting for it I hope you guys get one
with good paint or at least paint like
this one if you get one painted worse
then you're definitely gonna cry if you
can't send it back but all in all it's a
good piece and I can't wait for sideshow
to do their life-size Iron Man figure on
Thursday and that's really exciting for
me because it's gonna be my first
life-size collectible and it's gonna be
pretty hard to hide that one from the
wife when it's quite big and she's gonna
be like what is that and I'm just gonna
be like what
anyway thanks guys for checking back and
I hope you enjoyed this review and
hopefully and the first week of December
I will be doing the review for Batman on
lion the prototype yay and I'm getting a
black one and a blue one in so just to
show you guys the colors so thank you
again for watching my review and like
subscribe join me on Facebook you can
come
chat with me and so you can join the
statue group and there's a bunch of
great guys but thanks for this review
ciao